Looking Glass
============

A C++ Library for Testing Student Programs through Reflection

Looking Glass is a library designed to support the testing of students’ C++ 
code through reflection. Instructors can design tests that compile even 
if there are mismatches between the instructor’s and student’s code 
(like misspelled function names or parameters that do not have the expected
 types).  Using the autogenerated metadata, instructors can search for 
 and call functions or methods in the student code, including the main 
 function, while providing feedback (rather than a compile error) if 
 the required code is not found.  Although not suitable for all C++ 
 programs, Looking Glass was designed to support instructors in introductory 
 and intermediate classes and to be transparent to the students.
 
 Looking Glass is built on a modified version of cpgf 
 (https://github.com/cpgf/cpgf) which provides the underlying reflection 
 support.  The modified version can be found at 
 https://github.com/sturner84/cpgf .  
 
 Looking Glass is currently in an BETA state and has some known limitations.
 See the wiki for limitations and bugs.
 
 Version:
	0.80
	
	
version 0.80	
	Added support for operators as methods (no longer separate)
		Support for postfix operators without having to 
			specify a parameter
		Support for the [] operator when changing values
			(i.e. x[i] = 0;)
			Operator should be called as a method with 2 parameters
			where the second one is the new value
	Ensured that references to reflected classes all point to the same object
		Stops premature deleting
	Modified the ReflectedObjectPtr so that it casts correctly to a GVariant
	Some refactoring of the code

		
version 0.75 
	Initial version
	
	
License:
	The MIT License (MIT)
	The license is available as part of the repository.
		

Author:
	Scott Turner

	
Contribution:
	This library is not mature yet and there is a lot of work to be done. Help
	is needed in:
	1. Development
		Features need implementation and streamlining. The underlying reflection
		library needs to be expanded to accommodate this (lots and lots of 
		MACROs with no documentation).
	2. Testing 
		a. Finding edge cases where this doesn't work (and should) and where
		it cannot work (cannot be reflected)
		b. Compiling and testing on different compilers and platforms.
	3. Streamlining the build.   
		Currently, the build is handled by Eclipse under Windows and Cygwin
		but it should be updated to handle multiple platforms and compilers
		more easily.  

 